hi-fi decided again from my divine my
sitcom today I'm gonna show you how to
do a turbulent the Buddha is usually one
of the main dishes in Lebanese food and
it's basically a salad with a lots of
parts and stuff so we'll be using some
ingredients some of them actually most
of them are here which are now the
parsley mr. usually buy it from the
supermarket you have Tomatoes 250 grams
of cut parsley you use only 4 Tomatoes
we have lemon okay
we're gonna use for today you have the
mint salt vertical which is a type of
wheat you have the extra virgin olive
oil and onions so we're gonna start
first of all pouring the whole parsley
box and the salad bowl then the Medora
sorry the tomatoes there's a certain way
of cutting first of all you hold it
upwards cut it in the middle in the
middle from top to down cut them in
small squares okay okay and at the same
time so that you don't lose time you
take the bit of oil one big spoon and
put it in hot water
and you have to leave it on the side
because it takes around 5 minutes ok so
we finished cutting 4 Tomatoes we're
gonna put them inside the bowl now I
already cut 4 3 lemons and this is the
first one first of all there's the boot
would you take also a big spoon without
the water of course put inside for this
amount of parsley and tomatoes you
should use for green onions and cut them
in very small pieces you put them on the
ball now up to the taste so you have to
try it first like putting let's say just
two and a half rounds of olive oil a big
spoon of salt a little bit of mint and
lemon juice and you
after you mix you just wait a bit for
the sauce to settle down and you try
hmm
and that was it the Buddha